RUMM-943 Update the docs following the new API for SDK initialisation (#459)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/rum_collection.md

        }
    }
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{% tab "EU" %}}
   ```kotlin
   class SampleApplication : Application() {
       override fun onCreate() {
          super.onCreate()
          val configuration = Configuration.Builder()
             .useEUEndpoints()
             .build()
          val credentials = Credentials(<CLIENT_TOKEN>,<ENV_NAME>,<APP_VARIANT_NAME>,<APPLICATION_ID>)
          Datadog.initialize(this, credentials, configuration, trackingConsent)
       }
   }
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

   To be compliant with the GDPR regulation, the SDK requires the tracking consent value at initialization.
   The tracking consent can be one of the following values:
   * `TrackingConsent.PENDING`: The SDK starts collecting and batching the data but does not send it to the data
     collection endpoint. The SDK waits for the new tracking consent value to decide what to do with the batched data.
   * `TrackingConsent.GRANTED`: The SDK starts collecting the data and sends it to the data collection endpoint.
   * `TrackingConsent.NOT_GRANTED`: The SDK does not collect any data. You will not be able to manually send any logs, traces, or
     RUM events.

>    If you want to update the tracking consent after the SDK is initialized, call: `Datadog.setTrackingConsent(<NEW CONSENT>)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To update the tracking consent after the SDK is initialized, call: `Datadog.setTrackingConsent(<NEW CONSENT>)`.
```

   The SDK changes its behavior according to the new consent. For example, if the current tracking consent is `TrackingConsent.PENDING` and you update it to:
   * `TrackingConsent.GRANTED`: The SDK sends all current batched data and future data directly to the data collection endpoint.
   * `TrackingConsent.NOT_GRANTED`: The SDK wipes all batched data and does not collect any future data.

>    You could notice that in the credentials required for initialisation we also require your application variant name. This is very important for us as based on it we will
>    be able to automatically upload the right proguard `mapping.txt` file at build time. This will be needed to automatically de-obfuscate the stack traces in the Datadog dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in the credentials required for initialization, your application variant name is also required. This is important because it enables  the right proguard `mapping.txt` file to be automatically uploaded at build time. This allows a Datadog dashboard to de-obfuscate the stack traces.
```

>    There is also a utility method which gives you the current state of the SDK. You can use this to check if it was properly initialized or not:

Reviewer: same comment as above

   ```kotlin
    if(Datadog.isInitialized()){
        // your code here
    }
   ```

>    When writing your application, you can enable development logs. All internal messages in the library with a priority equal  or higher than the provided level are then logged to Android's Logcat.

Reviewer: same comment as above

   ```kotlin
   Datadog.setVerbosity(Log.INFO)
   ```

> 3. To enable the automatic view tracking in the SDK you need to provide a tracking strategy at initialisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To enable the automatic view tracking in the SDK, provide a tracking strategy at initialization.
```

    GlobalRum.registerIfAbsent(monitor)
    ```

> 5. If you want to track your OkHttp requests as resources, you can add the provided [Interceptor][6] as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you want to track your OkHttp requests as resources, add the provided [Interceptor][6]:
```

Reviewer: Should there be an (Optional) at the start of this step?

    **Note**: If you also use multiple Interceptors, this one must be called first.

> 6. (Optional) If you want to get timing information in Resources (such as time to first byte, DNS resolution, etc.), you can add the [Event][6] listener factory as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. (Optional) If you want to get timing information in Resources (such as time to first byte, DNS resolution, etc.),  add the [Event][6] listener factory:
```

        .build()
    ```

> 7. (Optional) If you want to manually track RUM events, you can use the `GlobalRum` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. (Optional) If you want to manually track RUM events, use the `GlobalRum` class.
```

>   To track views, call the `RumMonitor#startView` when the view becomes visible and interactive (equivalent with the lifecycle event `onResume`) followed by `RumMonitor#stopView` when the view is no longer visible(equivalent with the lifecycle event `onPause`) as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To track views, call the `RumMonitor#startView` when the view becomes visible and interactive (equivalent to the lifecycle event `onResume`) followed by `RumMonitor#stopView` when the view is no longer visible (equivalent to the lifecycle event `onPause`):
```
